Docs: Refactor the build & build customization pages (Diátaxis) (#10028)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/integrations.rst

       (Perhaps reuse this: https://about.readthedocs.com/images/homepage.png)

Integrations: Building documentation on every commit
====================================================

Read the Docs is a *Continuous Documentation Deployment* platform for your software project.
Every time you change something in your documentation, Read the Docs will detect your change and build your documentation.

The Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) features are configured with your repository provider,
such as GitHub, Bitbucket or GitLab.

> With each change committed to your repository, we are notified by the configured *webhook*.

Reviewer: Elegant :heart_eyes:

> When we receive that webhook, we match it to a configured *Integration*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a webhook receives a notification of a change, we match it to a project's *Integration*.
```

> This allows us to do a couple important things:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a webhook is notified, the matching project will then:
```

> * Synchronize your versions based on the latest data in Git.
> * Trigger builds for new commits on a branch that was updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :doc:`Build </builds>` the latest commit.
* Synchronize your versions based on the latest tag and branch data in Git.
* Run your :doc:`automation rules</automation-rules>`.
* Auto-cancel any currently running builds of the same version.
* Add a log entry to the integration's :guilabel:`Recent Activity`.
```
